entra connection samples for postgresql (#6729)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/postgresql/connection-settings.md

snippet: postgresql-config-connectionstring

### Token Authentication

> For connecting using token credentials, a User Id must still be supplied in the connection string with the password supplied from the access token. Given that the token is only short lived, a data source builder must be utilised to handle password refreshes. The following example uses Azure Entra Id.

Author: ```suggestion
For connecting using token credentials, a User Id must still be supplied in the connection string with the password supplied from the access token. Given that the token is only short lived, a [data source builder must be utilized to handle password refreshes](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/using-postgre-sql-with-dotnet-and-entra-id/). The following example uses Azure Entra Id.
```
